chore: v3.0.1 release notes (#5994)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-enterprise-release-notes/_index.md

> [!Note]
> #### InfluxDB 3 Core and Enterprise relationship
>
> InfluxDB 3 Enterprise is a superset of InfluxDB 3 Core.
> All updates to Core are automatically included in Enterprise.
> The Enterprise sections below only list updates exclusive to Enterprise.

## v3.0.1 {date="2025-04-16"}
**Core**: revision d7c071e0c4959beebc7a1a433daf8916abd51214

**Enterprise**: revision 96e4aad870b44709e149160d523b4319ea91b54c

### Core

#### Updates

> - Catalog limits for databases, tables, and columns are now configurable
>   - Use new `serve` options: `--num-datbase-limit`, `--num-table-limit`, and `--num-columns-per-table-limit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Catalog limits for databases, tables, and columns are now configurable using `influxdb3 serve` options:
  - `--num-datbase-limit`
  - `--num-table-limit`
  - `--num-columns-per-table-limit`
```

- TLS CA can now be set with an environment variable: `INFLUXDB3_TLS_CA`
- Other general performance improvements

#### Fixes

> - The `--tags` argument is now optional, and additionally now requires at least one tag _if_ specified

Reviewer: Is this for the `influxdb3 create table` command?

> [!Note]
> #### InfluxDB 3 Core and Enterprise relationship
>
> InfluxDB 3 Enterprise is a superset of InfluxDB 3 Core.
> All updates to Core are automatically included in Enterprise.
> The Enterprise sections below only list updates exclusive to Enterprise.

## v3.0.1 {date="2025-04-16"}
**Core**: revision d7c071e0c4959beebc7a1a433daf8916abd51214

**Enterprise**: revision 96e4aad870b44709e149160d523b4319ea91b54c

### Core

#### Updates
- Catalog limits for databases, tables, and columns are now configurable using `influxdb3 serve` options:
  - `--num-database-limit`
  - `--num-table-limit`
  - `--num-columns-per-table-limit`
- TLS CA can now be set with an environment variable: `INFLUXDB3_TLS_CA`
- Other general performance improvements

#### Fixes
- The `--tags` argument is now optional for creating a table, and additionally now requires at least one tag _if_ specified

### Enterprise

#### Updates
 - Improvements to licensing prompts for clarity
 - Other general performance improvements

#### Fixes

>  - A **Home** license thread count log errors cleared up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Home** license thread count log errors
```
